Add odbccpp for HANA with vcpkg (#66470)
qgis/QGIS: CMakeLists.txt

  set (WITH_HANA FALSE CACHE BOOL "Determines whether SAP HANA Spatial support should be built")
  if(WITH_HANA)
    if(WITH_VCPKG)
      find_package(odbccpp CONFIG REQUIRED)
      if(odbccpp_FOUND)
        Add_library(odbccpp_static ALIAS odbccpp)
      else()
        message(STATUS "Couldn't find ODBCCPP library from vcpkg")

>       endif()

Reviewer: `find_package` will fail if `REQUIRED` is specified and it doesn't find the package. There's no use of checking this.
Is there only a static library or also a dynamic lib?

```suggestion
      add_library(odbccpp_static ALIAS odbccpp)
```

Author: Good point, I will adapt this. There is a dynamic lib available, even though it is normally only used for internal testing. Still, I can change the odbccpp_static from the included version to odbccpp instead of changing the target of the vcpkg version to reflect that.

  set (WITH_HANA FALSE CACHE BOOL "Determines whether SAP HANA Spatial support should be built")
  if(WITH_HANA)
    if(WITH_VCPKG)
      find_package(odbccpp CONFIG)
    endif()
    if(NOT odbccpp_FOUND)
      if(WITH_VCPKG)
        message(STATUS "Couldn't find odbccpp with VCPKG. Using vendored version.")
      endif()
      find_package(ODBC)
      if(ODBC_FOUND)
        add_subdirectory(external/odbccpp)
        find_package(odbccpp CONFIG)
      else()
        message(STATUS "Couldn't find ODBC library")
      endif()
    endif()
    if(odbccpp_FOUND)
      set(HAVE_HANA TRUE)

>       set_target_properties(odbccpp PROPERTIES AUTOMOC OFF AUTOUIC OFF AUTORCC OFF)

Reviewer: This is a lot of module specific code to have in `CMakeLists.txt`, ideally we should in here only have some code like this:

```cmake
if(WITH_HANA)
  set (WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP FALSE CACHE BOOL "Determines whether ...")
  if(WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP)
    add_subdirectory(...)
  endif()
  find_package(odbccpp CONFIG REQUIRED)
endif(WITH_HANA)
```

any more logic than that should live in `cmake/FindODBC.cmake`

Is this doable?

Author: I played a bit around and it should be possible to do it exactly like that, but I would use (WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP or NOT WITH_VCPKG) in the if clause or the negated WITH_VCPKG as the default value for WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP.
The only issue I see is that it changes the error behavior. If I'm correct, not finding the ODBC or any other issue would then cause a failing build. In the previous version it would simply build without HANA. But I think this is fine. It shouldn't happen and in the worst case it won't block the workflows for significant time since the WITH_HANA can be removed easily.

Reviewer: `WITH_HANA` is disabled by default. If it is enabled, this is done explicitly and it shouldn't silently be disabled because of a missing dependency but rather the build should fail early with a meaningful error message (in this case, the user can either disable hana or fix the odbccpp issue).

  set (WITH_HANA FALSE CACHE BOOL "Determines whether SAP HANA Spatial support should be built")
  if(WITH_HANA)
    set (WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP ${PREFER_INTERNAL_LIBS} CACHE BOOL "Determines whether the internal odbccpp library should be used (option only matters under vcpkg)")

>     if(WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP OR NOT WITH_VCPKG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set (WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP ${PREFER_INTERNAL_LIBS} CACHE BOOL "Determines whether the internal odbccpp library should be used")
    if(WITH_INTERNAL_ODBCCPP)
```

let's keep the control with the user, the default for vcpkg is to disable internal odbccpp, so no need to double check and there may be other platforms that ship odbccpp as standalone package too.

Author: Sure, I was afraid that without the NOT WITH_VCPKG it could be either failing by default or always using the internal version by default when building with vcpkg. But PREFER_INTERNAL_LIBS seems to handle that already, so I have no issues.
